Title: Charlie Munger, who was Warren Buffett's right-hand man at Berkshire, dies at 99 - Reuters
Description: Warren Buffett's trusted confidante <a href="/business/obituary-charlie-munger-oracle-pasadena-who-was-buffetts-second-in-command-2023-11-28/">Charlie Munger died on Tuesday</a> at age 99, leaving a void at Berkshire Hathaway <a href="https://www.reuters.com/…

Title: Mark Cuban to sell majority stake in Mavericks to Miriam Adelson, but keep hand in operations: Sources - The Athletic
Description: Cuban purchased the Mavericks for $285 million in January 2000.

Title: Israel-Hamas war: Live updates and latest news - The Associated Press
Description: The latest swap of hostages held by Hamas militants in Gaza for Palestinian prisoners held by Israel started with the release of 10 Israeli hostages — nine women and a 17-year-old girl — as well as two Thais handed over to the Red Cross in Gaza. Later Tuesday…

Title: Akron police officers didn’t violate policy in fatal shooting of Jayland Walker, internal probe determines - CNN
Description: The police officers involved in last year’s shooting death of a 25-year-old Black man in the Ohio city of Akron did not violate agency policy in the incident, and none of them will be disciplined or released from duty, the Akron police chief said Tuesday, cit…

Title: 'Dancing With the Stars' Finalists Revealed: Which Pairs Are Safe? - Variety
Description: 'Dancing With the Stars' announced a brand new twist ahead of the season finale.

Title: Oregon St. promotes DC Trent Bray to replace Jonathan Smith - ESPN
Description: Oregon State on Tuesday named Trent Bray the replacement for Jonathan Smith.

Title: Matthew Perry’s Stepfather Keith Morrison Breaks Silence on Actor’s Death - Hollywood Reporter
Description: The 'Dateline' correspondent encouraged people to donate to the Matthew Perry Foundation on Giving Tuesday, saying the late 'Friends' star "would have been grateful."

Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]

Title: [Removed]
Description: [Removed]

Title: Unexplained surge in pneumonia in the Netherlands after China records case jump| 7 News Australia - 7NEWS Australia
Description: An unexplained surge in pneumonia among children has appeared in a second country.The Netherlands has confirmed it is tracking a sharp rise in illness after ...

Title: Gusty winds topple National Christmas Tree near the White House - WTOP
Description: The National Christmas Tree in D.C. near the White House is once again upright after strong winds toppled it Tuesday afternoon.

Title: Governor Kelly Announces New Path Forward on State License Plate - Governor of the State of Kansas - Kansas Governor
Description: Governor Kelly Announces New Path Forward on State License Plate ~~Rescinds License Plate Proposal, Will Establish Public Input Process~~ TOPEKA – Governor Laura Kelly today announced that the Kansas Department of Revenue will pause production on the license …

Title: Cyber Monday, Black Friday weekend break spending records - The Washington Post
Description: Lingering inflation and rising debt, among other financial headwinds, continue to keep retailers and industry analysts wary about the rest of the year and into 2024.

Title: ownCloud vulnerability with maximum 10 severity score comes under “mass” exploitation - Ars Technica
Description: Easy-to-exploit flaw can give hackers passwords and cryptographic keys to vulnerable servers.

Title: College Football Playoff rankings Week 14: Georgia football holds onto top spot going into SEC championship game - DawgNation
Description: 

Title: Online dispute rises over police warnings after iOS 17.1 software update - KSLTV
Description: Police departments across the U.S. made posts on social media warning of the NameDrop feature that was activated by default with the iOS 17.1 update. Some posts weren't completely accurate.

Title: Why Senate Dems are prepared to swallow a border policy compromise - POLITICO
Description: In addition to helping embattled US allies, Senate Dems believe changes could help cool border politics in battleground states ahead of 2024.

Title: U.S. Steel closes Granite City furnace 'indefinitely,' warns 1,000 of layoffs - St. Louis Post-Dispatch
Description: A major blast furnace at U.S. Steel's plant in Granite City will remain idled indefinitely, the company said Tuesday.

Title: Republicans mount 11th-hour push for George Santos to resign - Axios
Description: None

Title: Finland to close its entire border with Russia over migrant concerns - PBS NewsHour
Description: Finland says it will close its last remaining border crossing with Russia amid concerns that Moscow is using migrants as part of "hybrid warfare" to destabilize the Nordic country following its entry into NATO.

